It started 20 years ago.
Hetiaba of the Four Families
In the southern city of Weifei
Kill the invisible business underground
Business is getting bigger and bigger
Makes business people with a lot of techniques miserable
And your grandfather Ye is the head of integration
It was the largest enterprise in Nancheng at that time
It is also the most famous family
Only your grandfather can control and Tianba
At that time, the Lianri River
A lot of businesses want to get rid of it
So what happened?
Later, in order to prevent his own negativity
Created the damaging Yemen incident
It's under our armpits.
That's right, he burned down the entire Ye family
I held your blood to save you from the fire
The rest of the Ye family was not spared
This and Tianba
There is no price to pay for such a big crime
Hey, there is no evidence.
This and Tianma are very cautious in doing human things
So far, no one knows what he looks like.
Only you are capable now
To fight against the four major families
So they're trying to get rid of you.
Even a pair in the know has to be killed
What kind of abilities do I have?